# Shifu is officially open source!

IoT application development and management platform ***Shifu*** (<https://github.com/Edgenesis/shifu>) is officially open source, entering a new phase of open source collaborative iteration. Developers can login to GitHub and search `Shifu` for repository information, and click `star` to support the project or `fork` the project. ***Shifu*** provides users with a transparent framework for full-scene device hosting and integrated software development. By using ***Shifu***, developers can connect, monitor and control any IoT device more simply. 

The innovative advantage of ***Shifu*** is to empower devices with a thinking "digital brain" through the digital twin technology within the transparent framework. The digital twin will reflect the real-time state of the device, and it is the same to operate on the digital twin and on the device itself. Standardized interfaces will be generated when IoT devices are integrated into ***Shifu*** to enable Internet interaction. ***Shifu*** can achieve northbound data collection and southbound command control for all devices in the scene through the platform layer.

***Shifu*** provides a bridged device interconnection solution with a microservice architecture that makes device capability modules invocable and reusable, with the goal of achieving easy integration to various heterogeneous devices through configuration files. Currently, ***Shifu*** has achieved access to IoT devices via HTTP, MQTT, TCP Socket, RTSP, OPC UA and other protocols, and has also integrated Siemens S7, Hikvision (HIKVISION) and other devices that communicate via private protocols. 

As a cloud-native framework, ***Shifu*** extends the resources of K8s through the CRD function of Kubernetes to achieve high availability, static domain name, service management, etc. ***Shifu*** can support any kind of configuration for any device. When a physical device is connected, ***Shifu*** recognizes and launches that device's digital twin deviceShifu as a K8s Pod. By accessing the deviceShifu interface, developers can access all the features of an IoT device, while programmatically defining features that the device would not otherwise have. 

The cloud-native ***Shifu*** makes system operations and maintenance much less difficult, and application developers can manage operations and maintenance through one set of Kubernetes infrastructure. ***Shifu*** will turn Kubernetes to the standard underlying architectural for IoT development, and bring container orchestration technology to the IoT software development ecosystem. 

---

**Yongli Chen**, project founder of ***Shifu*** expressed his gratitude to the open source community at home and abroad for their strong support of ***Shifu*** open source. He said, "We hope to make ***Shifu*** a universal open source base for IoT development, so that IoT developers can also enjoy the benefits Android and iOS bring to mobile development through ***Shifu***. We can't wait to create the era of the Internet of Everything with ***Shifu***'s supporters!"

**Wei Guo**, Apache Foundation Member, Mentor of Apache SeaTunnel PMC of Apache Dolphin Scheduler, and founder of ClickHouse China Community said that the advent of the cloud-native era has reconfigured the infrastructure of all enterprises, and the open source of ***Shifu*** will further help enterprises with their IoT management. He sincerely hopes that ***Shifu*** project will excel itself in the future.

**Tina Tsou**, Chairman of LF Edge Board said that LF Edge pays close attention to promising edge computing projects around the world. ***Shifu***'s cloud-native architecture is based on Kubernetes, which is very innovative, further unleashing the control and management capabilities of edge devices and providing application development engineers with a unified base for cloud edge collaborative management. They will continue to pay attention to the open source process of ***Shifu***, and expect ***Shifu*** to drive edge computing technology toward more efficient scenario implementation. 

**Kevin Wang**, CNCF Ambassador and Huawei Cloud Native Open Source Lead  said that edge computing has become one of the most critical directions for cloud native development. We are glad to see the open source of ***Shifu*** project, which enriches the ecology of cloud-native and IoT, and wish the ***Shifu*** open source community better and better.

**Linbo He**, AliCloud technologist and OpenYurt startup member said that the cloud-native edge computing space is gaining momentum and is favored by more and more companies. ***Shifu*** takes cloud-native as the entry point and introduces declarative API abstraction IoT lifecycle management, which elegantly solves the traditional IoT industry's painful problems of long development cycle, complex large-scale deployment and high O&M costs. At the same time, ***Shifu*** takes the vision of letting IoT practitioners experience the fun of technology and biold a software-defined world. At the point when ***Shifu*** is officially open-sourced to the industry, we highly recommend practitioners in cloud-native and edge computing industries to experience and use ***Shifu***. We wish ***Shifu*** contributors and participants to have fun, enjoyment and satisfaction in the open source community. 

**Pengcheng Zhao**, Senior Solutions Architect of Microsoft IoT said that as IoT, edge computing, digital twin and other application scenarios gradually mature, cloud-native technologies are also exerting increasingly important impact in IoT-related solutions. ***Shifu*** is such an IoT edge computing framework based on Kubernetes technology, and has very cleverly integrates the concept of digital twin and container technology, though this set of platform seems slightly green at the moment, the overall architecture is very flexible. We expect the open source ***Shifu*** will continue to broaden its influence, accelerate code and product iterations, perfect itself in industrial scenarios. So as to become the trusted open source solution for IoT in the industry. 

**Jianhui Tao**, founder of TDengine, the world's leading open source timing database, congratulated ***Shifu*** on its official open source, saying that choosing to open source is a key move for China's infrastructure software and middleware to establish a leading position in the industry, and a brave choice for the global market. Open source means taking the initiative to accept the attention of peers in the community, while accepting the opportunities that openness brings, so that the technology can really be implemented in real-life scenarios. ***Shifu***'s cloud-native architecture  supports containerized deployment more perfectly. He hopes that ***Shifu*** could explore more possibilities in IoT scenarios with TDengine 3.0 in the future. 

**Fahua Jin**, co-founder of EMQX, a modern data infrastructure provider for IoT and a leading global MQTT Broker open source community, congratulates ***Shifu*** on its official open source. ***Shifu*** supports the development and deployment of IoT applications through cloud-native architecture, providing a new innovative possibility for digital transformation of the Internet of Things. It is hoped that the ***Shifu*** open source community, together with EMQ's open source family of products, will build distributed cloud-native IoT solutions from cloud to edge for community users.

---

In the future, ***Shifu*** will support automatic deviceShifu generation, declarative API, advanced ***Shifu*** controllers, device grouping, multi-layer packaging, etc. We expect open source contributors to provide ***Shifu*** with more functional iterative directions and real scenario requirements. ***Shifu*** was created with the intent of equipping every IoT device with a ***Shifu***, letting software define the world, solving infrastructure problems, and making developers and O&M staff happy again in the IoT world. ***Shifu*** open source community will work with global developers for more IoT devices to better serve humanity. 