# Deciphering the technology in "The Wandering Earth 2": The age of robotics is ushered in by digital twins and edge computing

```
"Your body is very fragile. You will get hurt and sick. You will grow old and die, and be depressed. However, you, the digital one, can theoretically live forever."


--The Wandering Earth 2
```

Moss, who is beginning to be self-aware on 550W, comes into contact with Tu Yaya and gets the information about the lunar engine in 550A and 550C she carries. After that, Moss immediately added the overloaded lunar engine to the meta-mission of "continuing human civilization" and began to implement it, making the moon change course and rush towards the earth. The approaching moon constantly changes the tidal intensity of the earth. The original calm sea became more and more fierce and cruel.
In the middle of the movie, the sea where New York No.1 engine is located is hit by a huge tsunami. The shocking waves are approaching instantly, and many people have no possibility of escaping in time, especially Zhou Zhezhi, who is inconvenient to move and relies on wheelchairs. Of course, thanks to the interesting shape of the machine-doorframe robot-which takes a lot of shots to show in the movie, everyone who has seen the movie knows that everyone is safe and sound in the end.

## Doorframe robot
The debut of this robot, with an unremarkable name that can only accurately describe its appearance, is also bland. When Zhang Peng and Liu Peiqiang entered the UEG joint experimental base in Gabon, it was just a security gate. But soon our impression of it changed. When Liu Peiqiang looked at this intelligent security gate and expressed emotion, the camera immediately switched, which showed us one of its countless other abilities-tracking and arresting (Liu Peiqiang: "This thing can move?" Zhang Peng: "you move, it moves.") . Later, their rapid response to the tsunami and their assistance to Tu Hengyu and Ma Zhao's underwater operations all show that they have outstanding abilities that are completely out of proportion to their appearance and name. In a word, they are extremely modular and intelligent.
Modular edge computing

The countless capabilities of the doorframe robot in the film are due to its complete modularization at the hardware and software level. Its software system allows it to use simple AI to judge the actions that should be taken in the current environment, and then call the corresponding software module, which controls the hardware module to implement the actions. Multiple doorframe robots can also work together and cooperate with each other to execute tactics to ensure efficient completion of tasks. In this process, both software and hardware can be replaced at any time as the operation of "replacing" itself is judged and then executed by AI.
Many people's first reaction should be that there is a hub in control of these doorframe robots, that is, cloud computing. The center collects information, makes decisions, and then issues instructions. This is a normal idea, because most software architectures and even human social architectures are centralized now. But if you think twice about it, it seems that the story of The Wandering Earth 2 will not allow this kind of center to exist, since what Tu Hengyu and Ma Zhao are doing is to repair the Internet.
Naturally, in this short-distance task execution, the data is concentrated on the periphery and only needs to be applied to the periphery, and the machine has independent decision-making requirements, edge computing becomes the best solution. In fact, in the era when portable quantum computers have been realized in movies, edge computing should have replaced centralized cloud computing as the absolute mainstream.
## Digital twins
The purpose of using digital twins is to schedule and control everything at the software level with the granularity of sensors. Digital twins are doppelgangers in the digital world. A real-world device will always keep pace with its digital twins, so that human beings can fully grasp all kinds of information and control it without touching physical devices. Digital twins introducing AI can summarize and analyze environmental data by themselves and schedule themselves
One of the problems in the discussion of the digital world is "Xu Wu (虚无)", that is, there is no entity. This makes a question gradually popular: Will human beings indulge in the virtual world, stop paying attention to the physical world, and finally become the dead under the big filter? Fortunately, the world composed of digital twins is not the case. It is more like "augmented reality" or "mixed reality" than "virtual reality".
Digital twins, a concept born in industry, connects software services with machinery and equipment in depth, so that they produce the effect of complete synchronization like quantum entanglement. When we affect digital twins, we will affect physical devices at the same time, and vice versa. The difference between digital twins technology and automation technology that we have used for a long time is that they really make each "twin" in the form of independent software. Therefore, the logic of decision-making and execution has changed from "the management platform collects all environmental data -- the operator makes decisions -- the management platform issues commands to all machines" to "the digital twins of a machine collect the environmental data they need by themselves -- the digital twins of the machine communicate with other related digital twins -- the AI of each digital twin makes independent decisions according to the obtained data.
The benefits are obvious. Firstly, the management platform no longer has the possibility of a single point of failure. Secondly, this distributed architecture allows each machine to focus on its own affairs, with lower delay and higher efficiency. Thirdly, digital twinning itself can also use AI to help engineers conduct new experiments in a pure virtual environment without using physical devices.
What's more, we always need a gateway (no one wants to spend so much time learning the protocols and drivers used by a new device). Digital twins are inherently a gateway, and all complex access processes are hidden by them. Nowadays, digital twins begin with physical models and surpass physical models, and truly become the doppelganger of equipment in the digital world.
## Boarding the ship of Theseus
Is a person's number twin or is it not the person himself? This problem has a long history, and countless philosophers have expressed their views on it, but it has been controversial for a hundred years. So I don't want to talk about it right here, and it's not something I can talk about right now. The first thing I want to do is to change the subject of this question from "man" to "machine".
With the continuous development of automation and intelligence, machines are getting closer and closer to the fundamental purpose of their creation -- to liberate human beings from heavy repetitive work. So when we describe a machine, we are actually describing what it can help us do. So when we say "this is a household refrigerator", the real idea in our subconscious is to say "this is a machine that can keep food in a low temperature environment". What we hope is that when the other person hears "this is a refrigerator", he will immediately realize that he can use it to do this. Therefore, the essence of a machine is what it can do.
So back to our question, is the digital twins of the machine itself? The answer is obvious: yes. The physical form of the machine is very fragile, and it will be damaged, broken down, aged, scrapped, and affected by solar storms. But digital machines can definitely live forever. What the digital twins are facing is only the perfect ship of Theseus. The machines connected to it can be replaced constantly. But as long as the digital twins are stable, the ship can keep moving forward to the end of the universe.
This is where the ultimate ideal of human use of machines begins: we only need to face the digital twins of machines, and then let the digital twins deal with everything after that. Let the ghostly action at a distance between digital twins and physical machines pave the way for human development.
## Ways to achieve metaverse
What should have digital twins are first machines directly engaged in production, then ordinary objects, then plants, animals, natural phenomena, and finally, of course, people. When all entities have their own digital twins, our material world will be naturally "meta-oriented", and we will finally enter the metaverse, where we will affect the real universe and make the two worlds connect to each other so that everything can benefit from it.
There are countless roads leading to the metaverse, and countless people and collectives who are pioneering these roads. Companies such as Google, Amazon, Microsoft, and Meta are all making their own attempts from different angles. There are also many people in China who are constantly striving for this vision, such as Edgenesis, Jiangxing Intelligence, and Horizon Robotics and other famous start-ups. For example, Shifu, a digital twins service centered on edge computing and modularization, has been released and is in public testing. As the scope of the metaverse continues to explore the field of edge computing, the world of the metaverse connected by smart terminals will soon become a reality.
Humans always like to take risks, so they will try again and again in the adventure and finally make a breakthrough. Even if they feel that the road ahead is not dangerous, but a beautiful night, human beings will never walk into it gently. What we do now will be the light that illuminates the road ahead.
Finally, in fact, there is only one most important thing:

```
"It is just a starting point for the infinite adventures of human civilization. There is only one thing you have to do now--make up your mind."

--Isaac Asimov, The End of Eternity

```