# In the last mile of Industry 4.0, what did Siemens do?


Siemens recently published an article titled "When You Get That Early Morning Phone Call…", discussing the company's use of Kubernetes to facilitate the integration of industrial edge platforms into existing IT infrastructure during the process of IT and OT integration. Here is Edgenesis' exclusive interpretation:

As the world continues to present us with unexpected challenges, manufacturing companies cannot afford to wait for new hardware devices to be produced, delivered, and physically commissioned at the deployment location. This is why virtual Industrial Edge devices are now available as well.

After Germany first introduced the concept of "Industry 4.0", the United States also introduced similar concepts such as the Industrial Internet of Things and the Internet of Things. Regardless of the terminology used, the central theme of manufacturing remains the same: to merge the internet with industry, and achieve digitization, intelligence, and collaboration in production and manufacturing, ultimately leading to the "upgrading" of the manufacturing industry.

During the product development process, companies can use big data to analyze and predict changes in consumer demand, and then use digital intelligent assessment to realize "production according to demand". In the production process, the manufacturing end has also gone digital: Internet of Things sensors are scattered throughout enterprise production equipment, collecting real-time data across the entire production chain. By integrating data information from suppliers and customers, we can control all upstream and downstream supply chain processes in real-time.

The 5G network enables the rapid transmission of massive data to the industrial Internet platform, where it is processed through big data analysis. Artificial intelligence then relies on this data to make intelligent decisions, ultimately resulting in the best production plan. Siemens, a century-old industry giant, has launched MindSphere, an industrial Internet platform that combines industrial software, edge computing, artificial intelligence, big data, cloud computing, and other technologies. Siemens has also integrated IT and OT to promote industrial digitization and intelligent manufacturing, creating a new landscape in the industrial field.

According to Accenture, a consulting firm, the Industrial Internet of Things is expected to bring US$14.2 trillion in economic growth to the global economy and cumulative GDP growth of US$1.8 trillion for China by 2030. As the only country in the world with all industrial categories, China has prioritized innovation leadership and coordinated development in recent years. The Chinese government actively promotes quality change, efficiency change, and power change in the manufacturing industry, firmly promoting manufacturing power. Under the tide of industrial Internet development, what experiences and lessons can China draw from the development of Siemens' made in China products?

The Industrial Edge management system is now running on Kubernetes, a popular open-source system that IT personnel are already familiar with and enjoy using. Kubernetes also allows for easy integration of the Industrial Edge platform into existing IT infrastructure, making automation increasingly similar to IT and more manageable.

Regarding the integration of IT and OT, we must mention the popular Kubernetes container cluster management platform from 2019. Since 2018, a large number of IT technology vendors have gathered in the Kubernetes project and ecosystem of the CNCF Cloud Native Foundation. The Docker container and Kubernetes container cluster management platforms have achieved industry dominance in the field of cloud computing's iPaaS resource management platform.

Cloud computing technology, represented by Docker and Kubernetes, and its software development mode are disrupting the field of industrial automation, accelerating the integration of IT and OT, and the digital transformation of industrial manufacturing.

Red Hat, the world's leading provider of open-source solutions, recently announced that Siemens is using the industry-leading enterprise Kubernetes platform, "Red Hat OpenShift," to improve the availability, performance, and security of mission-critical applications at its production facility in Amberg, Germany. The Siemens Amberg manufacturing and development site is part of Siemens' Digital Industry division and a pioneer in Industry 4.0 applications. The Siemens Amberg plant produces a wide range of products, including the industrial automation product portfolio SIMATIC. Data is processed at the edge of the factory, helping to reduce average response times.

To increase the flexibility and efficiency of production, shorten innovation cycles, and maximize uptime, the Siemens Amberg plant needed to upgrade the existing integrated IT infrastructure and support more seamless collaboration between information technology (IT) and operational technology (OT) teams. Siemens chose to implement a cloud-native, modular, microservices-based architecture on Red Hat OpenShift running in the factory.

In the future, deploying application services to the edge is the general trend in the IoT industry. For example, deploying data analytics and machine learning services closer to the equipment being monitored can greatly improve the responsiveness of a predictive maintenance solution. As the "entrance" of the IoT cloud platform, the edge device will become a bridge connecting the physical and digital worlds, and an important gateway for the IoT industry.

Kubernetes provides convenience for application deployment on the edge side. To a certain extent, Kubernetes has changed the relationship between edge applications and hardware, reducing the coupling between the two. At the same time, applications at the edge layer can use a more flexible and open model to solve existing pain points and meet new requirements.

It is evident that Kubernetes has become a key enabling technology in IoT solutions. Since it solves the supply problem of the "last mile" cloud-native application at the edge computing layer, Kubernetes has become a crucial support for the future development of cloud computing, promoting the integration of edge computing and cloud computing. The Internet of Things has entered a new stage of "edge-cloud collaboration."