# Shifu is now Open Source!

***Shifu*** (<https://github.com/Edgenesis/shifu>), the IoT application development and management platform, is officially open source, entering a new phase of open source collaborative iteration. Developers can log in to GitHub and search for `Shifu` to get repository information, and can `star` and `fork` the project. ***Shifu*** provides a transparent framework for customers to host all-scene devices and integrate software development. ***Shifu*** makes it easier to connect, monitor, and control any IoT device. 

***Shifu***'s innovative advantage is the empowerment of devices with a thinking "digital brain" through digital twin technology within a transparent framework. The digital twin will reflect the real-time state of the device, and developing operations on it is equivalent to operating the device itself. IoT devices plugged into ***Shifu*** will generate a standardized interface to enable Internet interaction, northbound data collection and southbound command control of all devices and machines in the scene through the platform layer. 

***Shifu*** provides a bridged device interconnection solution with a micro-service architecture that makes device capability modules invocable and reusable, with the goal of achieving easy access to various heterogeneous devices through configuration files. Currently, ***Shifu*** has achieved access to IoT devices through HTTP, MQTT, TCP Socket, RTSP, OPC UA, ONVIF, gRPC and other protocols, and has integrated devices communicating through private protocols such as Siemens S7 and HIKVISION. 

As a cloud-native framework, ***Shifu*** extends the resources of Kubernetes through the CRD function of it to achieve high availability, static domain names, service management, etc. ***Shifu*** can support any kind of configuration for any device. When a physical device is connected, ***Shifu*** recognizes and launches that device's digital twin, deviceShifu, as a k8s Pod. By accessing deviceShifu's interface, developers can access all the features of an IoT device, while programmatically defining features that the device would not otherwise have. 

Cloud-native ***Shifu*** makes system operations and maintenance much less difficult, and application developers can manage operations and maintenance through a set of Kubernetes infrastructure. ***Shifu*** will drive Kubernetes to become the underlying architecture standard for IoT development, bringing container orchestration technology to the IoT software development ecosystem. 

---

***Shifu*** Framework project founder **Yongli Chen** said, thanks to the domestic and international open source community for the full support of ***Shifu*** open source! We hope to make ***Shifu*** a universal open source base for IoT development, so that IoT developers can similarly enjoy the dividends that Android and iOS bring to mobile development through the ***Shifu*** Framework. We can't wait to create the era of the Internet of Everything with ***Shifu***'s supporters! 

**Wei Guo**, Apache Foundation Member, Mentor of Apache SeaTunnel PMC of Apache Dolphin Scheduler, and Founder of ClickHouse Community in China, said, the advent of the cloud-native era has reconfigured the infrastructure of all enterprises, and the open source ***Shifu*** project helps enterprises go further in IoT management, and I hope the ***Shifu*** project will do better and better. 

**Tina Tsou**, Chairman of LF Edge Board of Directors, said LF Edge pays close attention to promising edge computing projects around the world. ***Shifu***'s cloud-native architecture based on Kubernetes is very innovative, further releasing the control and management capabilities of edge devices and providing a unified base for application development engineers to collaborate and manage the cloud edge, and will continue to pay attention to the ***Shifu***'s open source process, and expect ***Shifu*** to drive edge computing technology towards efficient scenario landing. 

CNCF Ambassador and Huawei Cloud Native Open Source Lead **Kevin Wang** said that edge computing has become one of the most critical directions for cloud native development. I am glad to see the open source of ***Shifu*** project, which enriches the ecology of cloud-native and IoT, and wish the ***Shifu*** open source community better and better. 

**Linbo He**, a technical expert from Alibaba Cloud and a founding member of OpenYurt, said that cloud-native edge computing is gaining momentum and is favored by more and more companies. ***Shifu*** takes cloud-native as an entry point and introduces declarative API abstraction for IoT lifecycle management, which elegantly solves painful problems such as long development cycles, complex large-scale deployments, and high operation and maintenance costs in the traditional IoT industry. At the same time, ***Shifu*** takes the vision of letting IoT practitioners experience the fun of technology and a software-defined world. I wish the contributors and participants of ***Shifu*** to have fun, enjoyment and satisfaction in the open source community.

With the maturity of IoT, edge computing, digital twin and other application scenarios, cloud-native technologies are becoming more and more important in IoT-related solutions, said **Pengcheng Zhao**, Senior IoT Solutions Architect in Microsoft. ***Shifu*** is an architecture platform, slightly new but flexible overall. I expect the open source ***Shifu*** to continue to broaden its influence, accelerate code and product iterations, penetrate deeper into the scene, and sink into the industry. Hopes that ***Shifu*** becomes the industry's trusted open source solution for IoT. 

**Jianhui Tao**, a founding member of TDengine, the world's leading open source timing database, congratulated ***Shifu*** on its official open source, saying that choosing open source is a key move for China's basic software and middleware to establish a leading position in the industry, and a brave choice for the global market. ***Shifu***'s cloud-native architecture, which more perfectly supports containerized deployment, is expected to explore more possibilities in IoT scenarios together with TDengine 3.0 in the future. 

**Fahua Jin**, co-founder of EMQX, the global leader of MQTT Broker open source community and provider of modern data infrastructure for IoT, congratulated ***Shifu*** on its open source, which provides a new innovative possibility for digital transformation of IoT by supporting the development and deployment of IoT applications through a cloud-native architecture. Hope that the ***Shifu*** open source community, together with EMQ's open source family of products, will build a distributed cloud-native IoT solution from cloud to edge for the community. 

---

In the future, ***Shifu*** will gradually support automatic deviceShifu generation, declarative API, advanced ***Shifu*** controller, device grouping, multi-layer packaging, etc. We expect open source contributors to provide ***Shifu*** with more functional iterative directions and real scenario requirements. Let every IoT device have a ***Shifu***, let the software define the world, solve the infrastructure problem, let developers and operation and maintenance personnel in the IoT world happy again, is the original intention of ***Shifu*** creation. ***Shifu*** open source community will work with global developers for more IoT devices to better serve humanity.
